First note
It should be noted in this video Dan said that the 
amount of gas is static to the opcodes used. What he 
meant is that the amount of gas is deterministically 
calculated based on the opcodes used. For simple 
opcodes, like ADD or MUL the gas amount is a fixed 
amount. For more complicated opcodes, like SSTORE, 
there are several factors that go into the gas 
calculation and there are even gas refunds for
 clearing of a storage slot (see evm codes for more
  details).

  Second Note 
  Basic Solidity Data Types
In this tutorial we'll learn basic Solidity data types!

We'll use state variables to store them in the contract's 
persistent data storage:

contract Contract {
    bool public value = true;
    int public a = 10;
    string public msg = "Hello World";
}
We're going to have to look at each of these data 
types in closer detail. 

Since Smart Contracts deal primarily with digital 
value, it's important to understand everything that is happening on a low level. Any mistake could have dire consequences! It's also important to do things efficiently since all storage and computation on the blockchain will cost money.

With this in mind, let's dive into Basic Solidity Data 
Types!

#3rd Note
Solidity Functions
We've learned about how to store values inside of our smart contracts. Now it's time to learn how to read and modify those values! We accomplish this by adding functions to our contract code.

Technically we already created functions in the previous lesson on data types! By setting our state variables to public, the compiler was creating a getter function under the hood:

contract Contract {
    uint public x = 3;
}
 We can query the value in x externally using a generated function called x().

What if we wanted to modify x? 

contract Contract {
    uint public x = 3;

    function changeX() external {
        x = 5;
    }
}
Cool! 

That's just a taste of what's to come! Let's learn about functions.
Note part 3
Accounts 
In Ethereum, accounts are often distinguished into two types: Externally Owned Accounts and Contract Accounts. The differences between these accounts is largely conceptual as the EVM essentially treats them the same!

Every account on the EVM has a public address and a balance. Contract accounts will also store their bytecode as well as their internal storage data.

When making a call from an EOA to a Contract Account it's important to know things like who is making the call, how much ether they are sending and the function they are intending to invoke with which arguments.

The Solidity language handles the wiring up of the transaction data to the function we have defined on the contract. The language also gives us access to the transaction parameters through globals like msg.sender and msg.value.

By providing these utilities for working with accounts we can easily define roles, permissions and track token balances in contracts. Let's learn all about working with accounts in Solidity!